 Be careful what you wish for. History is not always kind to its subjects.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again. Only this time, more wisely.
You are going through a metamorphosis. It will not be a pleasant experience, but when you come out of it, you will be the beautiful prince you were always meant to be.
It’s time for you to look inward and start asking yourself the big question: who are you and what do you want?
Many things that seem threatening in the dark become welcoming when we shine light on them.
Even in the material world, you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it. But if you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see.
Good times become good memories, but bad times become good lessons.
There are reasons each of us are born. We have to find those reasons.
You are not the man you used to be. You are stronger and wiser and freer than you ever used to be. And now you have come at the crossroads of the destiny. It’s time for you to choose. It’s time for you to choose good.
Follow your passion and life will reward you.
You must look within yourself to save yourself from your other self. Only then will your true self reveal itself.
Sometimes life is like this dark tunnel, you can’t always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you just keep moving, you will come to a better place.
Destiny is a funny thing. You never know how things are going to work out. But if you keep an open mind and an open heart, I promise you will find your own destiny someday.
Protection and power are overrated. I think you are very wise to choose happiness and love.
Pride is not the opposite of shame, but it’s source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.
Understanding others, the other elements, the other nations, will help you become whole.
It is the combination of the four elements in one person that makes the Avatar so powerful. But it can make you more powerful too.
Who knew floating on a piece of driftwood for three weeks, with no food or water, and sea vultures waiting to pluck out your liver, could make one so tense!
There is nothing wrong with letting people who love you, help you. Not that I love you. I just met you.
It’s time we had a talk…about your hair. It’s gone too far!
Ick! This tea is nothing more than hot leaf juice!
You’re looking at the rare white dragon bush. Its leaves make a tea so delicious it’s heartbreaking! That, or it’s the white jade bush, which is poisonous.
Sick of tea? That’s like being sick of breathing!
I always tried to tell you that Pai Sho is more than just a game.
So I was thinking about names for my new tea shop… how about… the Jasmine Dragon? It’s dramatic, poetic… has a nice ring to it.
You should know this is not a natural sickness. But that shouldn’t stop you from enjoying tea.
You sound like my nephew. Always thinking you need to do things on your own without anyone’s support.
The stomach is the source of energy in your body. It is called the sea of chi. Only in my case, it is more like a vast ocean.
You have light and peace inside of you. If you let it out, you can change the world around you.
Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
A man needs his rest.
I know your not supposed to cry over spilled tea, but \[cries\] it's just so sad!
You must never give into dispair. Allow yourself to slip down that road and you surrender to your lowest instincts. 
In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength.
Are you so busy fighting you cannot see your own ship has set sail?
Aahh... this is what I've been missing. Who knew floating on a piece of driftwood for three weeks, with no food or water, and sea vultures waiting to pluck out your liver, could make one SO tense!
I'M BEGGING YOU! It's time for you to look inward and start asking yourself the big question: who are you and what do YOU want?
We have a chance for a new life here. If you start stirring up trouble, we could lose all the good things that are happening for us.
\[smiling\] At my age, there is really only one big surprise left, and I'd just as soon leave it a mystery.
You know, destiny is a funny thing. You never know how things are going to work out. But if you keep an open mind and an open heart, I promise you will find your own destiny someday.
Goodbye everyone. Today, destiny is our friend. I know it.
Even if I did defeat Ozai, and I don't know if I could, it would be the wrong way to end the war. History would see it as just more senseless violence. A brother killing a brother to grab power. The only way for this was to end peacefully is for the Avatar to defeat the Fire Lord.
\[crying\] I was never angry with you. I was sad, because I was afraid you'd lost your way.
Happy birthday, my son. If only I could have helped you.
Euch! This tea is nothing more than hot leaf juice!
Pride is not the opposite of shame, but it's source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.
It is important to draw wisdom from different places. If you take it from only one place it become rigid and stale.
Sometimes life is like this dark tunnel, you can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you just keep moving, you will come to a better place.
 There are reasons each of us are born. we have to find those reasons.
You are not the man you used to be. You are stronger and wiser and freer than you ever used to be. And now you have come at the crossroads of the destiny. Its time for you to choose. Its time for you to choose good.
Even in the material world, you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it. But if you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see
Is it your own destiny? Or is it a destiny someone else has tried to force on you?
It’s time for you to look inward and start asking yourself the big questions—who are you and what do you want?
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.
Destiny is a funny thing. You never know how things are going to work out. But if you keep an open mind and an open heart, I promise you will find your own destiny someday.\
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor.
You must never give into despair. Allow yourself to slip down that road and you surrender to your lowest instincts.
There is energy all around us. The energy is both yin and yang—positive energy and a negative energy. Only a select few Firebenders can separate these energies. This creates an imbalance. The energy wants to restore balance, and in the moment the positive and negative energy come crashing back together, you provide release and guidance, creating lightning.
Who would have thought that, after all these years, I would return to the scene of my greatest military disgrace—as a tourist!
Earth is the element of substance. The people of the Earth Kingdom are diverse and strong. They are persistent and enduring.
Yes, you have. You struggled. You suffered. But you have always followed your own path. You’ve restored your own honor. And only you can restore the honor of the Fire Nation.
Goodbye, everyone. Today, destiny is our friend. I know it.
While it is always best to believe in one’s self, a little help from others can be a great blessing.
The only thing better than finding something you are looking for is finding something you weren’t looking for at a great bargain!
Fire is the element of power. The people of the Fire Nation have desire and will, and the energy and drive to achieve what they want.
Your critical decision—what you did beneath that lake. It was such a conflict with your image of yourself that you are now at war within your own mind and body.
Evil and good are always at war inside you. It is in your nature, your legacy. But there is a bright side.
What happened generations ago can be resolved now, by you. Because of your legacy, you alone can cleanse the sins of our family and the Fire Nation. Born in you, along with all the strife, is the power to restore balance to the world.
Sometimes, the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
Understanding others—the other elements, the other nations—will help you become whole.
You sound like my nephew—always thinking you need to do things on your own without anyone’s support.
We’ve had to struggle just to get by, but it’s nothing to be ashamed of.
Water is the element of change. The people of the Water Tribes are capable of adapting to many things. They have a sense of community and love that holds them together through anything.
Things will never return to normal, but the important thing is, the Avatar gives Zuko hope.
There’s nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity. I suggest you think about what it is that you want from your life, and why.
Lightning is a pure expression of firebending without aggression. It is not fueled by rage or emotion the way other firebending is. Some call lightning the cold-blooded fire. It is precise and deadly like Azula. To perform the technique requires peace of mind.
It’s a lovely night for a walk. Why don’t you join me? It would clear your head. Or, just stay in your room and sit in the dark. Whatever makes you happy.
Sharing tea with a fascinating stranger is one of life’s true delights.
Air is the element of freedom. The Air Nomads detached themselves from worldly concerns, and they found peace and freedom. And they apparently had great senses of humor.
Someone new must take the throne—an idealist with a pure heart and unquestionable honor.